This will probably be news for you Yes Kyiv in 3 days No one wanted to conquer conquer no one Yes no one at all Do you believe in this and tell me How many days did they want to conquer Kyiv for how many there were no such goals at all Kyiv did not want to be conquered Putin voiced this Hello I from Ukraine, the city of Khmelnitsky And where are you from, the city of Voronezh? Russia, I understood chat roulette, specially go out to Ukraine, choose Yes, I understand, it’s more interesting to just communicate with Ukrainians Although here there are few Ukrainians you come across, and who comes across? Well, as a rule, from Russia, even if it is indicated that Ukraine is still there for some reason- then the Russians I wonder what you and the Ukrainian want to talk about Well, as a rule, now everyone talks about the war, well, let’s talk about what interests you, what else you don’t understand about the war, but I have this question For almost a year, Yes, Russian troops are fighting on the territory of Ukraine actions And all that and a lot of Ukrainians say here I’m communicating roll they say that I want to go to war, I want to fight but they won’t take me Why is this so, that is, if there are enough people in the army, then How is it that within a year it is not possible to completely liberate the Ukrainian lands, see I I didn’t understand a little, you said that Russian troops are on the territory of Ukraine, yes yes, and where in which region is Donetsk Lugansk, so that’s it. Wait a minute again, you are now talking about criminality, criminal responsibility for the Donetsk Lugansk region, according to your Constitution, whose territory is this? Well, according to the Constitution, Yes, yes, yes, yes, come on, look, according to your Constitution, Donetsk-Lugansk, where uh No, well, I’m asking you a question again, look again, Ukraine, wait, no, you’re telling me like a Russian, you’re saying that the troops on the territory there are blah blah blah so we have the same thing in Crimea, here in Crimea you had troops on the territory of Crimea So you thought that this was Russia Now you think that Donetsk and Luhansk region, that is, where in the territory where your troops are in the territory that you don’t think Do you think it’s yours, Ukraine, where you decided for Uta? This question, I understand correctly that you decided for Uta, it’s not me who will ask the question. Now I want to figure it out. I want to hear your answer first, then not. You have some kind of confusion in your question. I want to figure it out, the troops of the Russian Federation, you consider these areas to be yours, wait, I’m talking to you now, you tell me how you are to me as a person from the Russian Federation, I’m just confused and I’m afraid that now you’re on a crime spree in Speak, Look, Donetsk and Lugansk regions, you understand everything is fine for you, this is the territory of the Russian Federation, but it’s true. What let’s say that, tell me. In which areas not of Russia, yes, there are Russian troops now, I’ll answer you after you answer like that, not You told me that on the territory of Ukraine where where on the territory of Ukraine there are Russian troops I’ll ask you a question again, maybe you didn’t hear I heard, look you said that the Russian troops are on the territory of Ukraine somewhere and then the question is an awkward question Where will I answer now you tell me first Where are the Russian troops on the territory of Ukraine now on the contrary now Ukraine No look now Ukrainian troops will invade so No different from Voronezh and we were very surprised We thought that when Putin included Kherson into Russia they would scare us there with nuclear strikes for taking your territories, we calmly took Kherson and the whole world understood then look How Kherson differs from Voronezh in any way Well, you agree This is the same subject of the Russian Federation Kherson region and Voronezh region are true No these are not these are equivalent subjects of the Russian Federation Well, according to the Constitution Yes, we understand that this is a new region no new not new no wait in the Constitution The guarantor of the Constitution is Putin. Yes, he must ensure the integrity of my question, the integrity of the Russian Federation, so look. We Ukrainians captured your city of Kherson, we captured it, we showed the whole world that you can seize territories that Russia considers its own and nothing will happen for it. Russia can do absolutely nothing further. we are preparing to capture Crimea, to capture Donetsk, Lugansk is yours and thought about Voronezh and Belgorod, but if you want about Voronezh, I’ll tell you how you think it will be possible to capture xo I don’t want at all uninteresting uninteresting it won’t be possible to capture Voronezh Why let’s get interesting And the Germans came here Wenger Italians Wenger or Vienna was destroyed here the second army of Hungary is completely and 400,000 Germans were destroyed, so 100,000 were captured and nothing worked out for them, so you have such forces for one city. That is, you understand there should be at least half a million, plus that Voronezh has already become there probably three times larger since those times That is, this is a city with a population of millions, you understand There will be no forces and capabilities Even taking into account America Europe, I correctly understood that a year ago the Russians proved that they would take Kiev in 2-3 days And now they are proving that you cannot capture Voronezh Yes you’re not I’m right when I say that no one told me the Russians to me a year ago you won’t be able to capture Voronich such questions weren’t even raised I’m right Let’s sort out the Ukrainian com I understand correctly once again I understand correctly finished I understand correctly that you justified now we won’t be able to capture Voronezh True Well, yes, yes, I just distinguish Ukraine there. That is, it turns out that a year ago, no one even thought of telling a Ukrainian that you cannot capture Voronezh. And now for some reason you are explaining to me a Ukrainian that you cannot capture Voronezh because this and that and that are correct, for example, well, it will probably be news for you Yes, Kiev in 3 days No one wanted to conquer, no one at all Yes, no one at all And you believe in this, no one wanted to And in how many days they wanted to conquer Kiev, probably there, well, I understand you can watch us misinform Kiev not for how long but they didn’t have goals at all Kiev didn’t want to conquer Putin voiced it I know But why and what no the military voiced it no some kind of There and Solovyov they want a nuclear bomb there what were voiced were interesting Why did the troops enter Kyiv? I wonder if you are a military man or not, we are not a military man at all. But you are like a military man. Tell me, I’m not a military man, I didn’t even serve in the army, and why didn’t I serve? Look, we are two non-military men people who did not serve in the army, tell us why the Russian troops went to Kiev, not only to Kiev, they are there and, well, a lot of regions. It was a mistake. By the way, I think it’s a mistake, you think. That is, you didn’t serve in the army, but you think it’s a mistake. Yes, my opinion Yes, this is a mistake, what are you saying? The military department, at least you are some kind of commander. No, I have my own opinion, but why, well, I don’t understand at all how to attack cities, but you didn’t fight, you didn’t serve, but you knew too not a military man, but you also somehow communicate on the topic I don’t know, for example, was it a mistake or not, for example, I can’t say whether I have my opinion or not No, look, and for example, when ours say that ours left Kherson at the beginning of this type of war Yes they left it, I can’t say whether it was right or it was wrong because I have neither intelligence data nor correlations. And on what basis are you an Expert saying that this is a mistake, I’m not an Expert, I can express my opinion, pony, why I think so when everything went in there -it’s a limited contingent Yes, Ukraine is limited - that’s how much I think there in the region of 200,000 they are limited Yes, well, we have 900,000 armies regularly 2 from the reserve army the rest of the reserves are 200,000, which means they are limited, I understand, yes, it’s very limited further on Well, listen, it’s interesting, I love fairy tales about Kiev what did they come there for? Oh, it’s hard. So why didn’t I run away? Why did they come in if they look, look? Yes, they went to Kiev, they went to Kharkov, they came in the bag. It was a mistake because they stretched this 200,000 in general for what the goal was what was the goal of the campaign against Kiev? If it wasn’t the capture of Kiev, you say there was no goal to capture And how many people were there near Kiev? Well, why did they come in then to distract the distracting Moor from the otka, that is, put 50% of your troops there Ami your assault des Well, look if you tell me don’t believe it, from your 100,000 in the summer information the airborne troops decided 4% of the regular strength That is, now there are units Well, how can we say combatant staff of weapons which are old proven desa There are not many of them left, that is, it turns out on your television this is officially a military correspondent Vladlen Tatarsky and vinchus Yes, from the beginning of the invasion to the mobilization, Russia lost from Russia 40 50% of the personnel military paratroopers left. Elite special forces. That is, it turns out that your leaders simply decided to distract somehow from something near Kiev at the cost of the death of half, more than even half of their Paratroopers. This I’m not saying this on your television It’s not us, you believe in it Well, no, you don’t understand, you want to believe in it, I showed it to you, It’s not our Ukrainians, it’s on your television, your military correspondents in Solovyov, listen on our television you know what you can hear is not like that no No look if it was not true if it was not true it is a criminal offense to spread fakes about the Russian army some can say that 5,000 people died there and others there is a leak well look these are military correspondents and war correspondents who in those They are also different But you are good And how many then do you think died there at what point now, from the start of the special operation to mobilization, how many died Paratroopers in Russian percentage ratio I’m talking about the paratroopers I’m talking about the entire entire contingent Well, we’re talking about the special forces now we’re talking about paratroopers that I don’t know Well, I’ll tell you more than 100,000 officially, we have like 6,000 there, but I think somewhere in the middle, look again, I’m saying, I showed you where your military correspondents are on your television for a huge audience Yes, in solo they say that a fact that was previously hushed up, we only voiced it Yes, now even you are starting to talk about it, it comes out that there are 40-50 personnel left in these units, that is, where did they go near Kiev, that is, well, again, if you believe this information now we have there is no one to fight and because there are no people Yes, it’s not like that, but tell me how, but I have a question: Why are the contract soldiers who fought in Syria GTO e people, they are now in Russia and they were not mobilized in vain, I look, I’m just if I think that yes, it’s possible fake information and all these Soldiers are alive and everything is fine, but why then do they catch these mobikos who are absolutely incompetent, take them away, take away the Wagnerites Because there is no one to fight That is, if with a contract in a PMC, if with this with a contract soldier everything is as good as they were remained yes then why recruit there 300,000 it's Mobiko recruit these Wagnerians as it is, why but it is necessary to separate the regular army from the PMCs for the second time Ate In the sense of the PMC Wait for the PMC - this is your state structure, in fact it’s just illegal it’s not It’s on its own How can it some kind of structure in itself How how can it take away On what basis without the state are there any agreements? What kind of agreements with whom? Well, in any case, it’s irregular Well, that’s right, irregular Yes, it’s called a bandit formation, yes, that is, you have a state, de Gorite understood You also have Mercenaries, too, you have a ban, look Wait, that is, your state is making a fake army, so look No, I’m not up to it, in short, now it’s not about this, Tell me about these Paratroopers What happened to them about which Paratroopers let’s look, your troops entered Kiev region it is unclear why something Divert to the Kharkov region why you probably didn’t hear in the Kiev region they lost half of this personnel and they were running away Yes in the Sumy Kharkov region the Sumy guy is running away running away you are attacking attacking attacking question And then what happened Why did you stop in some- that moment Oh, in the past, last time, a man also asked me. Look, the thing is that you once ran, but if you run fast, you need to take a break so that you can run again. Absolutely the same is war. We are like two non-military people, I’m not exactly an Expert, but you you think that the army should go down, go down, I think that the Group is going down, it’s going down, and so on, look, you were knocked out of Kiev and from the Kiev Zhitomir Chernihiv region, this would have been at the beginning, and then everyone asked And what And what next And then they knocked you out of the Kharkov region from the estuary Donetsk region and from the Kharkov region, they generally threw so many networks in a month, how much they threw equipment, and then you said all this will no longer happen in a couple of months Kherson was yes You were kicked out of Kherson or now you will tell that you yourself left And so on now it goes on still definite yes Yes, Yes, Melitopol will be there or what’s next Everything is going step by step so no when we left Kherson when well when Well when did we leave yet Well that’s what not What did you want to say Well you left, look, that is, preparations are underway You left Kharkov preparations left Kherson preparations now you will prepare for another withdrawal, they are giving us Abrams leopards there, this is preparation for a new gesture of goodwill. Are you serious that these tanks can change the course of events I am in military affairs, but I see that you are in military affairs in general, that is, if you do you think that modern tanks are not changing you need thousands of tanks to somehow re-look at us how many highmore owls were handed over to us thousands or not some units Yes but how they changed the course of the war the truth is how they absolutely changed look at the result of the liberation of Kherson - this is targeted work for Mercs and according to yours, I had the ladies with supplies and went like this to Makeevka, remember that on New Year’s it was in the Makeyevka vocational school where there were 300 or more mobikos 80 Well, officially 80 have already been found graves found 96 or not, see there are websites Where they are found buried so they take pictures And so further They keep records, but there were more there. Yes, it’s just that many of the dead cannot be identified; they themselves are there. So why did the highmore catfish fly in? And so on, and in Kherson, the highmore catfish flew in there, and everything continues to fly in, that is, then you stopped, in any case, we stopped dialing Look, how long has it been? How much time has passed? How much time do you need to run there? That is, it’s kind of interesting for you, I say, I don’t understand, when you are there, roughly speaking, in the Khava region, further on, it wasn’t much time that passed, but from Kherson Yes they left Kherson there, in my opinion, the month of September is October, I don’t know exactly. October, in my opinion, it’s already February, so there’s no progress at all for you, super, but in your opinion, in how many months, uh, if there’s an offensive, How many months is it necessary if you were expelled from one region After how many months do you have to expel from another what is the standard for the military there? Well, tell me. Well, if you have the strength, then you will go further. Apparently you have No, well, that is, as I say again, you see an Expert, even though they didn’t serve, I’m not an Expert Yes, well, I see you are even more of an Expert than I am, but it seems to me that People, if the military act competently, they are simply sending their own people to the slaughter, and they are preparing a counter-offensive so as to do it with minimal losses, as they did in Kherson. I actually know what I think now since there is no winter at all right now, there are no very strong attacks either from our side or from yours. There is a lull in any case. You are the Expert I look at. That’s what I mean. You don’t understand the Russian language, I understand the less competent a person is, the more he thinks winter is not winter, you are Do you think that in your General Staff we have people sitting in the General Staff? Yes, no, you said that, not I just think, that is, you know better for them, and when to attack and when not to attack. Listen, if Let’s say this, if I express my opinion, it doesn’t matter. amateurish This means that I think I’m right, unlike these military men. No, of course, I’m not expressing my opinion on anything, but that is, well, I understand, yes, that is, it’s simple. I just see that now there are no direct active offensive ones. Look. so you say in the winter, that is, you have some kind of military education, that you think that there cannot be an offensive in the winter, but there were offensives near Voronezh in the winter during the Second World War, yes, that is, then they could attack in the winter, but after how many years they can’t you now think that 600,000 people are howling from our Rhone once again, that is, it turns out that according to you, once upon a time the Second World War could be attacked in the winter. And now something cannot be attacked in the winter, I say again Well then there were military actions Yes now they are not there, well not Well not because there are 600,000 people they are not fighting, everything is going on some kind of rotation, they are fighting there, well, it’s limited, but again, that is the problem. It’s not winter, it’s not winter. The problem is that yours are completely exhausted and left there. And ours, look how you see how it works, how ours works our army is not bursting like this Hurray And that is, everyone doesn’t want to fight, operations are planned so competently prepared Hi marsika yes And then op and you yourself run away, run away from the Kherson region Why Because this is this and this is military science yes And when look Expert Yes, I'm an Expert I'm an expert in the fact that Russian soldiers are escaping Well, look, let's fact Russia ran away from the Kiev region, ran away, ran away from the island of PHI yesterday the day before yesterday, it was damn it at the beginning of the year So look, every 2 months something Yes, in short, he drowned uh submarine Moscow Yes, they escaped from Kherson from Kharkov And so on Well, what has changed or have you broken through somewhere and are going to Kiev again that you have changed a serious person It seems like yes Well, tell me Let’s do this if I’m wrong We’re based on the facts We’re like two amateurs. We’re just operating on facts. I see that over the last six months, Ukraine has only fought off the Russians, and the Russians, in short, are running out. I asked you the first question, you know, why can’t you liberate all of Ukraine in a year? So I’ll tell you more I’ll say, We couldn’t have the whole of Ukraine in 9 years. The war started in 1914. Yes, in 1414 you occupied Crimea and part of the Donetsk Lugansk region, return Crimea absolutely. I’m saying, look, we haven’t been able to for 9 years, you say, Why can’t you for a year and we can’t for nine? we can’t And I’ll tell you more and a and the Soviet Union In how many years did it liberate its country from the Nazi invaders in the first year no no really the same thing and then we’ll start ava it’s not like that it was look the Germans attacked attacked attacked axle boxes zeros and then them they were driving now the same thing Russia attacked axlebox now that is absolutely a DSLR Putin Hitler attacked Putin attacked Hitler they kicked Putin in the teeth absolutely the same absolutely the same samori fa Neva words of va Hitler attacked you they kicked you in the teeth you got stuck Hitler they kicked you in the teeth stuck Hitler shot himself Putin will shoot himself, everything is logical, the story is just like a carbon copy, at least I haven’t supported Putin there since about one year Yes, but it’s easy to compare Okay, let’s, at the state level, Putin would have an ideology beyond race, look, I’m not talking about look, I didn’t say about specialists about concentration camps, I was talking about an attack on a foreign country Hitler attacked the SS, look Hitler attacked the Soviet Union Putin attacked Ukraine PPP Can I ask a question: one country attacks another country, this means that I understood you correctly no So you just told me specifically parallels of Rus' and specifically parallels of Hitler's Germany What parallels do you look at? Hitler's Germany captured foreign countries Russia captures foreign countries so there is there Hitler look Hitler captured Poland Yes, Russia captured part of Ukraine like that Okay [ __ ] ru also captured some lands once upon a time Yes and it captured the lands of all countries Germany France Kievan Rus was there from December to the 1st century yes And we live in the 20th and 21st centuries where it’s completely different in Kievan Rus there was no soap and your ancestors ate with dirty hands Yes And you walk around and rub with toilet paper like that that is, something different already exists Yes, in Tsarist Russia you were slaves, you were beaten there by batagas And now you seem to be citizens like that Well, also, you just said you and the Russians, when the Russians were you now, they didn’t say like you there they are slaves, well, that is, I said in tsarist Russia you were Russians in tsarist Russia Well, yes, Russians Well, Russia was Russians, Russians, but look in the Russian Empire who lived the Russians Well, who weren’t the Ukrainians, wait, the Ukrainians lived in the Russian Empire, yes yes And the Finns lived everything but what was the name of the citizenship who you were Russians Now for example the Chechens live there This is some kind of document the Chechens live in the Russian Federation Yes wait, that is, the Russians lived well in the Russian Empire What is the name of how the combined name of those who lived in the Russian Empire is collected I need to google this now Well, well, look, Russians live in the Russian Federation Yes, despite mine, yes, in the Russian Empire, who lived different nationalities, too Well, in the Russian Federation, there are different nationalities And according to who belongs to the state, who are the Russians, the Russians didn’t live then, they didn’t Well look Wait again e In the ninety-first year de s appeared Here come the Chechens who lived under the Russian Empire and the Chechens who live under the Russian Federation they are both Chechens and Buryats who lived under the Russian Empire and under the Russian Federation they are both Buryats Yes, but now both the Buryats and the Chechens are Russians, and under the Russian Empire who they were there was no such thing. Well, there was no civil term, that is, you didn’t have a name and the subjects were simply subjects there, for example, of the king. Yes, for example, yes. Well, I don’t know there they have it either. there I understood my own, I understood, that is, in short, the Russians only appeared in the ninety-first year, yes, as a Civil Nationality Yes, understand the Russian, the concept of a Russian appeared there a very long time ago. I understand, that is, in short, it turns out that without the Russian Empire there were no Russians at all. Yes, just yes, I understood well. Well, we got distracted by history Let's go back to the attacks, that is, Putin attacked Hitler attacked Hitler annexed part of Poland for himself Why even talk about Hitler now because absolutely the same parallels Putin annexed part of Ukraine there are no parallels at all Well, let's do it again Well, what do you have Let's do it like this Hitler attacked Poland attacked Putin attacked Ukraine attacked the first parallel is Putin is part of Poland Oh this is gi part of Poland annexed annexed you annexed part of Ukraine annexed what is the difference the reasons are not important that the reasons are not important the very fact that someone attacked in general, you can come up with reasons for yourself, just any reasons, so I understand correctly that if there was an attack, it means in any case that the aggressor is to blame. Well, look, if we look at the aggressor captured it, Dan is to blame. So what? Yeah, what if, roughly speaking, the Soviet The Union attacked Germany would be the aggressor yes Absolutely right and you would kind of have a bad attitude towards it Well, look, the Soviet Union, look, I feel absolutely bad, look, the Soviet Union already did this in 1939, it attacked Poland together with Germany, the Soviet Union attacked Germany seized one part of Poland from Poland; the Soviet Union captured another part of Poland; the Soviet Union was already an aggressor; it attacked Finland in three nine. Yes, I’m saying that the state in which we lived was the Soviet Union, you know, from Zo you need to choose less Stalin is less evil than Hitler Yeah Stalin But you don’t have to choose evil at all Well, then there was no other option In the sense of another option That is, it turns out, in addition, that is, it is impossible for a normal ruler to live in your country, and not some kind of one who burned people there in concentration camps Well, your ancestors chose there is someone smo again It turns out that you are now you are legitimizing the same as others saying sri Stan Dawa The First World War began in three years and Stalin's repressions of murder even earlier began in three three three seventh truth and not even a war yet it wasn’t like that Or no, there were military actions in general in the year three and seven What kind of military actions were there in the seventh year What kind of later would it be that all the military commanders and the entire intelligentsia were like this Yes Okay, we went into history Yes we ran away So let’s go back to the present, yes, that is, it turns out you support this war against Ukraine in no way, and I believe that two fraternal peoples are fighting. Which fraternal peoples really are? Well, are we Chechens or who? Well, you know very well not ka. Which peoples are fighting, stop, you know very well now, the Russians are now fighting against the Ukrainians, yes Since when did the Russians, who the Buryats and Chechens go to, become fraternal with us? I speak for myself, I’m Russian, yes. Wait, stop. The people you are fighting now are not specifically the Russian people, but Russia, the Russian people. look now storm But ask a question No look now they are bringing Buryats to the war there Chechens here in Mariupol the Chechens there and in the Lugansk region are now operating and where is it for us Bratsky What do we need Brotherly people here we have Poles Brotherly people You agree seriously don’t look we are Slavs here I am I see you have the words Russian, you are a Slav Yes, and I am a Slav, and the Poles are Slavs, not only them Well, look, the Poles, the Slavs, the Czechs, the Slavs, the Czechs are our brothers, the Poles are our brothers, Yes, the Serbs are your brothers, the Serbs are our brothers, the Slavs, Yes, all the Croats are all Slavs, and the Chechens and the Buryats What relation do they have to us then? That is, it turns out now, well, look, the Poles are helping us, and the Chechens and Buryats. What do the Chechen Buryats know? I’m talking about the Russian Ukrainians, wait. So it’s not the Russians who are fighting with us. Where, where the Russians are fighting, the multinational people of the Russian Federation are not there only Russians come Yes, people in Ukraine are Buryats Tatars Cheche the majority in any case, Russians are fighting there Well, wait, Russians too Yes, because this is the titular nation, that is, they are not fighting There is no titular nation of you Open your Constitution Look, you have a multinational people in Russia there, it’s clear business But there is a nationality that is not there again, in your Constitution there is no non-titular nation, there is nothing like that. You have a multinational people, this is not a state of Russians, but this is a common multinational state, everyone has arrived, no titular nation. Forget this, there is no titular nation. You just came up with that. we are now again mind, look again at how fraternal we are. Look, there is Russia. Yes, there is a huge territory with completely different peoples, so there are also Kalmyks Aira and Bashkor and Turkic Mongols And so on, why are we with you Brotherly people, I’m talking about the Russians and the Ukrainians So wait, let's howl, let's fight with us like this, the Russians or the Russians are fighting with us, smallpox, an impenetrable person, no, really, look, the citizens of Russia are Russians, they are Russians, I started expressing my opinion, you start again And here, and Here's why And like this And why can't you just listen like a human being Well, look, it’s just that it’s not the Russians who are fighting with us, but the Russians, that’s right. It seems to me that you have nothing humanely, well, look, I just want to say in a humane way that I’m against the war. I believe that the Russians are also at war. Russia, oh my God, the Russian Ukrainians are fraternal peoples because I was in Ukraine What is fraternal Well, how is it determined how to determine whether fraternal or not fraternal people We are very closely interconnected historically, you understand You have relatives Well, not you personally, the majority of Ukrainian relatives are Russians and Tatars - these are fraternal peoples now yes Well, here you are historically connected, that is, Russian Tatars, fraternal peoples, for example, Russians and Maritsa, fraternal peoples Well, that’s so very small, we’re talking about big nations, Russian Chechens, fraternal peoples, Russian Chechen fraternal peoples, no, because there are different mentalities here. What does mentality mean, and the Tatars are the same as the Tatars not the same mentality Well, in fact, Tatars and Chechens are very different. No, it’s still the same there. They profess Islam in general, they are different people, but yours are different. I’m talking about the Slavs. That is, Russian Ukrainians are fraternal peoples, well. And you and the Poles are fraternal people. We are with no contact with them they were not neighbors with us they were in the same state they were of the Russian Empire Poles and Russians Well, that is, we were all fraternal peoples And now the Poles for you are not fraternal people Why Because historically they have always been against the Russians so we were always against the Russians who m said when And when we were for the Russians say you are Russian look come on Battle of the Orsha century sri Russia What was the name of the population of Rus' well let's forget everything let's you have super come on so century where Moscow was I a where was Moscow in the 19th century or wasn’t it wasn’t so super where was the question right away the question Where would your Voroni wait in the 19th century right away the question can you Why when I say, well, anyone starts talking about the 19th century, you always remember Moscow, which has not yet That’s why we remember that it didn’t exist like that. That’s because this just shows who Rus' is, so what does Moscow have to do with it, look because And who then is Russia? Look, Russia, let’s do it like this. With the center in Kiev, so people who Yes people who live here are the Heirs of those people who lived under Russia. Yes, Voronezh, where it was in the 19th century, it wasn’t, it was Khazaria, let’s say, so Voronezh was never in Russia, well, look, Odessa was not there either. Why are you telling me about Russia now if you lived in the Khazaria IOC and the Muscovites also lived in the swamps there was no Russia there then why are you telling me that Russia has moved to Kiev for a century from where it came from not Where did it come from in Kiev and who told you this all that They say this only to you look in books they wrote that there was Ladoga Novgorod and all this is fake and why is it called Novgorod New city And why new And why Kiev Yes, that’s it, that is, the city that was older than Kiev was called Novgorod, it seems something interesting was formed Look, Novgorod When it was formed much later when in the 1st century in which century it was formed in what year For example, I won’t tell you now how you know that it was formed in the 19th century Where did you read that Okay Google let’s Google So look, if I don’t pour in, ask about Novgorod Yes, there are no Slavic archaeological balls in the territory of Novgorod in the 9th century, and from where from where? Why did you decide that where do you live? this and who suffered the year exactly Well, when in general who suffered it Okay, let's just figure out why the character was invented later in or in what century there was no Rurik So, well, Prince Vladimir was like that, he was the Kiev son of Svyatoslav Yes, so Svyatoslav Who is the father of Svyatoslav Igor Igor Igor who us Igor is Igor just like that Olga’s husband Well, that is, Igor is a real personal character and Olga is a real character where he came from Igor This is unknown lived there in Kiev Yes look Igor can be traced through the chronicles you now You now want to say something about the Tale of bygone years, what does it say that Oleg came there from Novgorod And so on Yes, the Tale of bygone years was written centuries after these yes, that is, and you have chronicles of it, no, so look at the historians. It’s the historians who check these things for no reason There is no Oleg, no Rurik either, look neither Svyatoslav nor Igor nor Vladimir never called them all Rurikovich, the name of Rurikovich was invented for them later, when you had a German woman, the Germans began to rule Russia, so these Katerinas and so on Yes, it was necessary to make the Norman theory of Russia Yes that these normal Swedes came, you talk about that Rurik and that Rurik - That would be a Varangian, that’s on purpose, and the Varangians are Swedes Swedes dances this is Wiki, these are also different stories, some say that they are Swedes and someone says that this type of activity Varangians Varangians, that's what the Black Sea is called, the Russian sea, and the Baltic sea is called duckweed, the Varangian sea, that's why Varangians Varangians are Vikings Listen, don't tell fables Varangians are the Vikings, these are the former Swedes Yes, well, the current ones You're just talking about Russian history this is how they taught us Russia Yes, look, we are Russia, we are Ukrainians Yes, we are Russia Russians, look ours again, look our territory was once called Russia, then it was called the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, Russian and Zemaitis, yes Then it was called the Hetmanate, now it is called Ukraine just like yours there was called some kind of uh different mu then the Muscovite kingdom then Peter I renamed it to the Russian Empire, he came up with this and that is, if you look at it was the Roman Empire now what is the name of the territory on which they live The heirs of the Roman Empire Italy live And then was formed as a state and now there is a state Romania Romania Yes psya Roma Rome Does Romania have anything to do with ancient Rome or does Italy have anything to do with ancient Rome Rooney can go in now and why do we call it Rome But in fact this is Roma I mean that Romanians have no relation to ancient Rome and the Italians have absolutely the same thing with us. We now as Italians are called differently from what we were called. A thousand years ago we are called the state of Ukraine They call Italy And before there was Rome Roma Yes, and you now, just like the Romanians, have adopted the name so that there Prim to Rome also, and Peter I in 1721 adopted the name Russian Empire in order to somehow become a part of Russia Well, now you will all call yourself Biden Well, this will not mean that you are laying claim to Biden’s inheritance, the truth is this is what it looks like Alternative history Well, how is it real story look good when Peter seriously believe that there is a story that is true come on so if you in 1721 Peter I founded the Russian Empire as it was called before the Russian kingdom no Muscovite kingdom Rovsky kingdom Mosco to the Muscovite kingdom yes Well different kingdoms Well it was Moscow kingdom you can hear in the word Moscow kingdom Russia is not everything Rus' is over When the Tatars came, look again, what does the Moscow kingdom, which was later renamed the Russian Empire, have to do with our Russia what is yours, here we live in the territory where Russia was, that’s the man from Kiev lives Where Russia was in Moscow there was no Russia, I understand correctly that if you were in the state of the Great Principality of Lithuania, you also have a relationship with the Lithuanians or the Lithuanians can have claims against you like them with look we we were here we were with Lithuanians in the same state, but that doesn’t make us call ourselves Lithuanians; people who lived in the swamps in the Vladimir state were with us in the same state with the capital of Russia. But that’s why they are not called Russians, look the same as the Tajiks who were in the Soviet Union. They now call themselves Russians are true and you are Russian I'm Ukrainian no no well your ancestors are Russian My ancestors were look my ancestors were Cossacks and then they were different before Rusa Yes if during Rus' they were called Rus And before that there were Polyany Drevlyans uly four concept Russian in general term Russian In what century did the term modern Russian appear - This is not the same Rus that existed before, in principle, there was no look, let’s say that in this Prince Svyatoslav called himself Russian that he was Russian book Olga oh, Anna Yes, there was a Russian again, look, they called themselves by nationality Russians by nationality didn’t call everything in what century did they start calling themselves Russians, look at this for a very long time already, residents of Moscow of the Muscovite kingdom. They didn’t call themselves Russians; it’s true that the concept of Russian appeared in the 1st century, look again if they appeared in the 9th century, why? there, for example, in the 10th century, the inhabitants there of the Moscow princes did not call it for centuries Yes, the Armed Forces are not changing because they stopped calling themselves Russians, but it turns out that there were once Russian Rusyns then What did the inhabitants of the Muscovite kingdom call themselves Russian? Russian No, then there is a concept e is great code Let's live in the Muscovite kingdom Rumi called yourself call yourself Yes, when did you start calling yourself Russian, this is the same question When did you start calling yourself Ukrainians, look in the century for sure, but in the 10th century, for sure, we already called ourselves Ukrainians I can say that to say exactly Well, when did you start calling yourselves Russians and the concept of Ukrainians in general appeared in this century Well, well, when did you start Calling yourselves Russians Tell me again, we saw that the inhabitants of the Muscovite kingdom did not call themselves Russians So when did you start Calling yourselves Russians M X century, in my opinion. That is, in the 19th century you came up with the idea that you are Russian and now you are claiming because of this, so you called yourself the word we are now Russian and because of this you are laying claim to Russia. And we called ourselves Ukrainians and now you will say which you have a relationship with Russia not only you, too, were originally Russian your ancestors were Russian no, look again ours were not once again and once again the Russians appeared you ska in the 10th century such a name the concept Russian there was no such concept look you were Glades of the ancient Serya tribal Swarm yet was in the century there was no national identity it did not begin when Rus' was formed in the century it was formed once Russia was a multi-tribal tribe there was no Then they began to unite but none of them called themselves Russians there was no such thing other countries were called by the inhabitants of this new state they didn’t call them Russians anymore They called them Russians, look again, for example, in Rus' these people lived there like these Merya Meshchera, in short, a little bit longer, and so on, no one called them Russian by tribe, they called them and paid tribute with PM from the tribes. Tribute, so then they said I’m a Novgorodian there, I’m there that is, there was no national identity, here you have it. National identity appeared, you say it in the 10th century. It’s not me who said it, you say it in the 10th century, that is, until the 10th century, no one said I’m Russian. I’m Russian. And now you’re in the 10th century. century they called themselves Russians and now they tell everyone you are also Russians, nevermind And you, too, were once not Ukrainians, then the minds began to be absolutely correct Yes, in the 20th century no one heard about the name Ukrainians Russians lived here Polyana Ancients and so yes Ene happened on this territories and we were formed as a separate nation You have Ethnogenesis took place in the swamps you are like another nation Let's talk about the swamp there is the swamp there is the swamp too yes you when You are talking about the swamp No well I'm a huge swamp a huge territory swamp I'm talking about Zalesie here Moscow and that Vyatichi Buryats, these are Yes, look, look, it’s very easy to watch Now, say the fetters of Dnepropetrovsk, say it again, Take the word milk, You know the word milk, this is the first time I’ve heard it. they read milk Why does milk burn on the Sulfur they say Moscow Voronezh the further south we have there and why did it become in the Russian language and milk I say depends on the area why change that is, let’s do it so where is the language written more correctly Here was Rus' and so they wrote somehow and they read and in Ukraine they still write milk and they read they say milk in the villages And in Russia they say milk or they say They say it and yes Or they say they write it and they read it they write that and they read that why the North, our northern lands, are the original Russian lands Yes, somewhere there was Rus' Yes And we are Khazaria, we are not about you, you are already sailing, yes, that is, look, this is the word of that one, that milk And you say that milk Who are we, Lord, you are in the north of Russia, not you, your Russian language is Look, Wait with you now Russian language is the official Russian language of those Russians who appeared in the 10th century, they write this and read that as much as possible, so we get the same language as it is written, the one that was preserved And yours has somehow changed Why is the language also changing Hello, I’ve arrived there is a computer No, that's a neologism Yes, but the word yes, but the word milk, but the word milk, it's not a neologism, why do we have it like that and how it's read, it's written like that, and all the other words are spelled like that, and you have that spelled, you have it too Well, why that's when the Ukrainian language is also different, that is, so look why some Ukrainians speak only Ukrainian, I'll tell you Look, I'll tell you why you say milk and why you say that Because when writing came to you from Russia, they wrote it like that in Russian, but the local tribes couldn’t, just like now, for example, a Chechen speaks a Russian word with an accent, and the Russians there too, these words are Russian Yes, they read with an accent because they couldn’t pronounce it like that, so why now we have many territories where they say milk Well here are some Yes, some Maybe they studied in schools and the main territory yes And the bulk and your official language is incorrect, spoiled Ukrainian language Well, do you agree that it’s stupid to write milk and read milk answer from Russian Well, look, it’s not Russian, so it’s separated from Old Russian so from which the modern Ukrainian modern Belarusian and modern Russian language came, but the Ukrainian language was preserved because they are Ukrainians and live in this territory where this language was and this language came to Russia with missionaries with our scribes who came from the Kyiv Mohyla Academy and from Kiev - the Pechersk Lavra came to your monasteries, they did it there, that is, and they brought this language, the language of Rus'. Yes, ours, this one, which is now Ukrainian. But you couldn’t. The people who lived there, they couldn’t pronounce it because they didn’t have such sounds. I’ll explain everything to you, the residents of Novgorod, Smolensk, say How do you Yes, but the rest of Russia there is not this is not Rus', then they then they Yes, somehow all this is different, so that’s exactly what all this territory of Russia was, there were different Finnish tribes there Yes there in the east Yes, the Finns probably live no no no Vla, we are now talking about the main core of Russia that was there when the Muscovite kingdom existed And so on Yes, that is, and that’s why the language there has changed, just like how a Chechen reads Russian now and he already reads with a different accent, the truth is the same, and here it was in the swamp that these were in Zalesye, a highly developed civilization came, so more developed Yes, because they were even more highly technologically developed there in Europe Yes, it came with a letter, yes, local local tribes they learned this language Yes but it’s a little crusted because they didn’t perceive it, or if you have an explanation Why the Russian language became such a spoiled Ukrainian Well, when did you start reading the word milk for something like milk? No, just when you’ve already told your story, you’re like a mime poet, so I’ll be the second talk or even talk Okay Okay, then let’s talk about this topic with language, we’ve been talking to you for a long time already, it’s already an interesting conversation, yes I like it, we don’t aggressively attack each other. So it’s interesting and different topics were touched upon there, both war and Rus' and language in general is just awesome Or maybe also something you want to ask Streamer Yes, the channel Andriy popk what is the name of Andriy popk the channel is called well this is My name is Andriy my last name is popk that’s the name of the channel How many people are watching I don’t know if I hadn’t been distracted by the chat I’m watching you 5000 right now T Hello everyone I tick then simplicity says that not all Russians are bad So we don’t say I don’t think that Russians are bad or not bad, I divide them into those who support the war, imperial expansion and do not support life in I and I extremely despise the Ukrainian government And for that Here you are Paradise the Ukrainian government is interesting, this is already mine Personally, I just, well, I think that oh, well, if you read it, it ceases to be personal, it’s already left public then Justify your opinion to me as a Ukrainian, why do you despise the attacker? In the past years you have had different presidents and now in what year did such people come to you and after which the war began, you probably still need to ask questions to the authorities of Ukraine in the year A not but in Chenna there was a second Chechen war not the first second Yes it was Yes somehow independent from the authorities in Ukraine yes A on Russia didn’t cash in Georgia in 2008, but you know for Georgia in Georgia later Yes, yes, that is, it turns out, look at Georgia, look again, there was neither Poroshenko nor Zelensky Nick here, and you attacked something else Yes, the country didn’t stop you from doing this, wars are true Georgia is the aggressor in the conflict between Russia and Georgia at that moment Russia attacked Georgia attacked Russia you are fully aware of that conley tell me your belief that Georgia is agre where it attacked Russia tell me there were peacekeeping forces there This is where in Abkhazia in which not Abkhazia Ossetia which Ossetia what is it called South Ossetia so-called South Ossetia so some kind of peacekeeping force, that is, it turns out well, like in this South Ossetia Yes, there lived people who did not want Georgia, as if they were the territory of Georgia How would it be in Georgia, these would be those Gr How did they appear there in the first place some kind of Russian Peacekeepers, you didn’t let me finish these Ossetians or South Ossetia Yes, the Ossetians did not consider themselves Georgians. They always wanted to share Georgia. Obviously, they believed that these were their lands and wanted to return them; they had conflicts all the time, starting there Soviet times, then Russia led the Tula forces, everything was plus or minus without war until Saakashvili came Uh-oh, they came here, yes Yes, I understand It’s always the fault of those who came yes Yes, and listen to your sarcasm Well, sarcasm Yes, I’m just flashback I understood you said until they came to you in the fourteenth year and here the same thing has not yet arrived. Listen to you, it’s as if we are all good, everyone around us is bad, but I’m just telling you. Well, Saakashvili came, I’m also interested in it. Yes, and here he seemed to start again trying to return these lands were provocations, that is, the first aggression Yes, it was Saakashvili who committed it against the peacekeepers. That is, he dealt some kind of blow, some kind of blow there, and then Yes, the Russian army then Yes, let’s go Yeah, I understand. Cool Yes, interesting, but here’s an interesting question I see that Russia is a peacemaker country, she came there to protect the Donbass peacemaker Yes to protect Transnistria Yes the peacemaker is everywhere Russia is a peacemaker And why For example, don’t you think that there is an international community like the UN why For example, it would be illogical to invite UN peacekeepers to Donbass Yes Ukraine 11 since Russia proposed this, blocked this veto, vetoed this decision Yes, why did Russia, if it sees that the Georgians are so insidious, didn’t say that let’s bring in UN peacekeepers there, and for some reason it turns out that the international contingent looks like Russia makes conflicts everywhere, like bringing in peacekeepers And now it’s expanding there too a conflict like for an attack on peacekeepers. It seems strange to me, you know, Geopolitics is a very strange thing, no. That is, it turns out, look, you somehow wonder what happens Russia, uh, in Transnistria, Russia, uh, Georgia, uh, Russia in Ukraine, so everywhere it saves someone, but the whole the whole world believes that Russia is the aggressor Yes, but Russia is saving everything Well, with Georgia the aggressor is not the aggressor the aggressor clearly led her troops on the territory of a foreign state, everything according to the opinion of the UN where Georgia is the aggressor according to the UN, come on, show the document where he recognized Georgia, come on in reality, you are already leading some kind of emergency Georgia is the aggressor, in your opinion, where is he? Well, google it there, come on, let’s google it now, don’t talk about it, you’ll soon see that Syria would not be here, look in Syria, it’s harder there because in Syria there is an official Assad regime, it’s like invited Russia so here I can’t call Russia an aggressor like that because even America and I are together because the official government invited it there, that is, there are completely different relationships. Where else is Russia an aggressor in this post-Soviet space? Transnistria in Chechnya is yours there was a civil war Although not quite Civil Chechnya separated, so it was a free republic of Ichkeria Yes, Ichkeria declared its independence during the collapse of the USSR, then you attacked, it was the first Chechen war, you signed an agreement and recognized it on the withdrawal of troops and then, uh, deceived Yes, and they made a second Chechen war, yes that is, in such a situation, you understand that there were terrorists there. Yes, look, there was an independent state of Ichkeria. Yes, which is now occupied by the Russian Federation, and who do you consider a terrorist? I was the first Russian at the age of 16 to receive the order and title of Hero of Russia. So you, as a Slav, think this is the right cold thing, I was probably afraid to say that he is cold and treats you poorly. Well, you also said that without enthusiasm when in St. Petersburg Kadyrov Avenue is there, in my opinion or whatever they called the bridge Well, many nationalists were very Rogozin. I remember Ragozin back then I was still zigging. I’m against it. By the way, he’s not zigov. Yes, he’s a fist there, he’s a fist. Yes, a fist, a fist. Yes, you know the joke they say, dad, dad, what do you have in the photo that you’re here? To Hitler Ziyesh says no, I tell him Just a minute, comrade Hitler Yes Okay, let me have one last question Ask me to answer you and we’ll disperse for a long time, otherwise we’ll sit for a long time, I’ve also discussed so much, it’s as if I don’t even know now to ask, so I should probably disperse already ok That's it Let's be happy All the best for so long yes there was a Rumova and Tsikavo so they made a joke on the carved themes Sanchik can you hear me now I understand Yes I love conversations When can I at least somehow talk because there are so many of them that they just yell in short there they swear, yes, at least it was interesting with you, yes, although you will watch the video, then somehow your position seems to me to be very floating and very funny, uh, it turned out that way, but, uh, you are the support of the Russian Empire, you, uh, justify Russia’s aggression against Moldova, Moldova, Yes, against Georgia, against Ukraine under different sauces Yes, just like Poland justified Oh, not Poland but Germany justified its aggression against the attack for the attack on Poland Yes, some Poles fired at the radio station also here with Russian writing on th Ista I don’t know why this is for why should you be surprised at otsey face Ale for you tse one two or three clicks Ale you trime me and I will be kaza in me there Kupa fouls and in me be cla set up robiti nove cool video letter on my Instagram Popik Andriy otak Let me you check L